Nurse on the verge of wetting herself

Author: Impostor

*000*2025-10-29 10:28

Last week I had a surgical procedure and unfortunately I'm having some complications due to the surgery. Naturally I contacted the hospital and they booked me various visits and exams, including an urine testing. The catch is that, beside my temporary distress in walking, I had to collect some paperworks from the hospital ward where I had been hospitalized and then proceed to give the urine sample to the lab.

This morning I woke up very early and went to the hospital ward to collect the papers. As I already knew, the door were closed but I was lucky enough to catch a nurse calling some patients, so I blocked her asking to please give me the papers I needed. A really nice girl: about my age (early 30s), tall, slender, dark hair in a ponytail, wearing the usual white scrub all nurses wear.

Actually, she was heading to the toilet, just outside the ward door, and telling the patient that she was going to be back soon. As I approched her, she was standing crossed legs in front of the bathroom door, an hand on the handle. I could see she was really desperate to pee, but she insisted on asking what I needed. I explained the situation briefly, saying that I just needed to collect my papers. I told her my name and all and she kept crossing her legs, bobbing up and down a bit, before simply telling me to wait there where I was and that she was going to do that in a minute.

So I waited there where I was, just outside the bathroom, watching her closing the door, locking herself inside and scrambling her pants to finally pee. I could hear almost everything, from the first powerful jet of piss hitting the water in the toilet to the moaning "oh my God" she tried to muffle. She peed for like a minute or so and then got outside to help the patients and me.

It was really hot to hear her desperation and that's something I'll remember for sure!

*006*2025-11-01 08:36

A little follow-up, no nurse involved. Yesterday I had to remove the stitches from the surgical procedure (finally!) and my wife decided to come with me.

I've never mentioned her, because she's not into pee but sometimes she makes me happy and indulges in holding and desperation. She's a very pretty girl in her early 30s, slim, petite, with curly brown shoulder lenght hair and green eyes, a perfect ass and small boobs. Yesterday she was wearing a white pullover with a flannel shirt on top, a long jeans skirt, black pantyhose and black Dr Martens boots.

As we arrived in the waiting room, we took a seat and she started sipping from a water bottle we bought from a vending machine. Usually she has a very strong bladder: in 11 years together I saw her realky desperate to pee maybe like ten times, and she never peed herself. Also she has a phobia of public or shared toilets, so she prefers to use only our apartment's toilet otherwise she just holds it. This behaviour also includes her workplace's toilet: every night she comes home and storms to the bathroom to take a piss while I stand by her and she chats about her day.

Halfway to the bottle (while I took maybe a sip or two) we realized that we had a long time waiting in the hospital. There were almost twenty patients in front of us, so we tried to pass the time chatting, looking through my phone, reading, etc. An hour and a half passed by, I already went to pee two times because I have a really small bladder and my wife started to express some signs of desperation. I really didn't bother in the beginning, knowing damn well how strong her bladder is, but then she whispered in my ear "I have to pee so bad".

So I started to notice her feet tapping, legs crossing and her restless body squirming. That turned me on a lot, but I knew how uncomfortable she was so I suggested her to just go to the bathroom. Naturally she refused, nodding her curly head while winking at me, asking me "don't you like it?". She kept crossing her legs, even double crossing them, and tapping her feet on the ground, while rocking back and forth. What a dream!

Soon I got called and stitches were removed, so my wife and I could finally get back home. I can't walk fast due to the surgical procedure, so she had to walk my pace to the car, while she just wanted to sprint and run to our home's toilet and relieve herself. A very nice pee-dance was performed in front of my eyes in the elevator, where we were alone luckily. She even liftes a bit her skirt and held her crotch.

As we got in the car, she described me how much she needed to pee and how strange this situation was for her. She was really desperate and, while she enjoyed a lot teasing me, she was really on the verge of wetting herself.

Finally we arrived home and she ran to the bathroom, leaving me downstairs slowly walking to our apartment. When I reached her, she was sitting on the toilet pissing full force, a face of pure relief, a little wet patch on the front of her thong. She smiled at me and I smiled at her, then I leaned over and kissed her while she was still pissing.

*008*2025-11-01 12:25

{{1 hour ago, DespAndHold said:

Wow you are going to start enjoying hospitals if you keep getting desperation treats. I love how your wife never considered using the toilet for a moment and even leaks but keeps waiting! She is so in charge of her bladder and only empties it when she decides it is time!

Would she be comfortable you sharing other times she shown off her skills while desperate? How long does she pee for? I wonder what her capacity is?

}}

Trust me, I'm not enjoying hospitals at all! 😅

She's adamant on not using the restroom when she's somewhere else beside our home, except for some really bad emergencies.

She doesn't mind sharing experiences about her desperation, as long as I don't mention names and places or some other details. Maybe I'll write something in here someday...

I don't know how long she peed because I arrived in the bathroom when she was already peeing and she didn't bother to look at the clock. I guess she peed for like a minute or so.

She mentioned that she leaked while she was on the stairs of our building and when she was trying to open our apartment's door, struggling to hold it I assume.

We never really tested her capacity, because she's not into pee and holding makes her uncomfortable. Sometimes she indulges in some activities that I like, but we never measured it.

*017*2025-11-24 22:05

If you like the story about my wife, check out my new thread:

$iframe allowfullscreen="" data-embedauthorid="162569" data-embedcontent="" data-embedid="embed5224457560" style="height:304px;max-width:500px;" data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/118285-my-wifes-pee-desperation-experiences/?do=embed&comment=2332971&embedComment=2332971&embedDo=findComment#comment-2332971"

