My Wife's Pee Desperation Experiences

Author: Impostor

*000*2025-11-24 21:57

As mentioned in another thread, I'm going to write here about my wife's pee desperation experiences. They are not many, as she has a bladder of steel, but she also has a phobia of public bathrooms and prefers to just hold it before using one. Sometimes she indulges in desperation to keep me happy, but that's not what she likes.

Before the first experience, I would like to describe my wife. She's a slim, short, beautiful girl in her early 30s, with curly brown hair, green eyes, small boobs and a wonderful ass. She's my world and I love her so much. We met at the university almost 12 years ago and we fell in love at our first date.

Since we come from different cities in our common country, before living together we visited each other during the holidays. 10 years ago in the Christmas' vacation, I took a plane and stayed with her for a couple of days. It was the second time I traveled to city she grew up, so she wanted me to meet her friends and family. The experience I'm writing about today tells about the first time I met a friend of her and our night at a hip beer shop, degustating crafty beers.

My wife and I, still young, met her friend, a girl our age (23 y.o. at that time) with her then boyfriend at what they called "a new beer shop". It was just square small room full of beers with stools on the corners and a door leading to a toilet on the opposite side of the entrance: not too bad for some poor university students.

As we got there, we ordered a beer each sitting on the stools, chatting, knowing each other better. My wife was extremely happy to introduce me to her friend and I was too: that friend, still in our life, is a short, very slim girl, with long wavy hair and a strong personality. I don't remember anything about her boyfriend, sorry. But I do remember that that night we were all dressed with jeans and heavy sweaters, since it was winter, and as we got drunk with the first round of beer (without anything to eat) we all felt hot in that small and empty place.

Since we were the only customers that night, we indulged in some games as we drank our second beer. There was a stell ring tied to a rope coming from the ceiling: the game was to try to swing the rope to make the ring catch an hook on the wall. Pretty simple, but so fun if you are drinking with friends.

Since my lovely wife is very competitive, she and her friend turned the game into a challenge and it was really fun to watch for two reasons. The first one involved my wife's friend, as she was drunk and very desperate to pee: I remember her pee dance and subtly crossing her legs as she made her move to win over my wife. The second reason was my wife's desperation: I knew how much she was drinking and how bad she needed to go to the bathroom, but I also knew her absolute dislike for peeing outside her own toilet. She was standing still, very stubborn on not letting anyone seeing her desperation despite her internal struggle. It was an interesting night.

My wife's friend started to be very vocal about her need, expressing her desperation between some pee dance and shuffling on the place. I was desperate too, so I decided to head to the bathroom first, piss and let her wait a little bit. I peed for a minute and waited another one to make her wait longer: as I opened the door, she sprinted inside the bathroom and barely closed the door behind her. We all perfectly heard the splashing sound of her urine jet hitting the toilet and her sighs of relief. Minutes passed and she came out relieved, shouting about how much she needed that and that she could have peed herself any minute.

It was a great first impression to me, but my wife was in total pain. She was very desperate and insisted in returing home as soon as possible. At that time I had no idea that was such a big problem, so I waited a little longer with our company, but she urged us to leave. My wife was holding back a torrent of beer she could barely manage to control, poor girl.

We left and hurried to her car, half sprinting and half stopping to cross her legs and holding her crotch with her hands. After a 5 minute walk, we arrived at the parking spot and I admired a perfect pee dance as she fumbled with the keys to open her car's door (very rare to see). She drove like crazy, almost always in silence, a tense expression on her face, an hand on her crotch. My wife unbuttoned her jeans as she drove, describing her situation only as "urgent".

As soon as we got home, she left me to run to the bathroom. I tried to keep up, but she out-ran me and leaked a little on the way. I think she peed for a minute and an half, but I arrived only at the end (also it was her parents house and they were home, so I could not enter the bathroom with her inside). She described that experience as "the closest call she has ever had".

*002*2025-11-25 06:54

{{8 hours ago, crazymimi2 said:

Wow, thats a great experience. I am wondering how she was able to hold so much beer inside of her. Would be interesting to know how much exactly did she held.

}}

We didn't ever measure her holding ability, because she's not into desperation and holding as I am. I've seen her full to the brim many times and I can say she can hold a lot of liquids inside of her, despite being so tiny!

*005*2025-11-25 22:37

{{14 minutes ago, DespAndHold said:

It seems she is just so determined to wait as she was desperate at the same time as you and her friend so not like she can hold it easily she just refuses to give in.

}}

She's very determined not to use any public toilet ever. I've plenty of stories of her desperation 😉

*007*2025-11-26 21:11

{{3 hours ago, Azura said:

You should share more ;3

}}

I will! 😉

*010*2025-11-28 18:09

{{2 hours ago, Sentinelchicken said:

All desperation or any accidents?

}}

Not proper accidents, just some mild leaking.

That reminds of me of last summer, when my wife and I decided to go kayaking in a bay at sunrise. A great experience, I suggest everyone to do that at least once.

At 4 A.M. the alarm rang and we got up, drank a cup of coffee and some water, walked the dog a little and drove till the bay where two instructors guided our kayak experience. I was wearing just a t-shirt and my boxer suit, while my wife had a light blue summer dress and her red bikini underneath.

The instructors, a young couple, welcomed us and taught us how to remain inside a kayak, to speed and to brake, to turn. My wife and I had a single kayak each. The weather was perfect: warm temperature, but not too much, the sun rising from the land while we were kayaking in the sea. It was magical.

Soon we stopped and had a quick local breakfast on the beach, with coffee and some snacks while sitting on the sand and chatting with our new friends. I was already full and my bladder was asking to relieve, while I noticed that my wife was very chill but bouncing a little her foot on the ground: a clear first signal of needing to pee.

As I tried to cover my arousal, my wife kept getting more and more desperate: shifting position on the sand, stretching her toes and bouncing herself a little. She tried to sit on her feet, knees upfront, but it was so uncomfortable that she quickly got up and insisted in returning to the kayak to complete our trip.

While positioning myself from the water to the kayak, I have to admit that I peed a little, just to relieve some pressure. My wife kept holding her pee for another hour and a half, while we explored a sea cavern and we saw pelicans fishing. She was so desperate she even mouthed at me once "I'm going to piss myself" , poor girl.

She kept boucing till we finished our trip and thanked our instructors, promising to return next year and also have a pizza together. I was still desperate to pee, but my wife was bursting! She took off her lifevest, grab her flip flops and ran to the car to store the bag with all our belongings.

She kept pee dancing, lifting a foot and then the other, while unlocking the car and grabbing a towel. Shyly I asked her if she wanted to use a cafe's toilet, but as always she insisted in returning to the shore and just "piss in there, quickly!"

I followed her with great enthusiasm and as soon as we got undress and swam into the sea, we released our bladders. Her face changed from very tense to extremely satisfied. She peed for long, I don't know how much as we tries to be discreet because we were not alone.

My wife admitted she was on the verge of pissing herself inside the kayak many times and she even leaked in her bathing suit while storing our bag in the car.

That's the closest to an accident I saw my wife!

*013*2025-12-08 11:01

I would like to share a couple more experiences of my wife's desperation, that happened last week.

One evening I was cooking at home, preparing dinner for us while waiting my wife to come home from work, as I recieved a call from her. She was in a hurry to come home: she explained to me that that day she was extremely busy with chores and started teasing me saying she was so desperate to pee she was thinking she wasn't going to make it home. That day my wife was wearing a pair of loose pants, a blouse and a t-shirt, sneakers at her feet, and a pair of white plain undies.

I was so aroused to hear that she was bursting so, when she finally arrived, I tried to block her way to the bathroom. She was really desperate: as soon as she entered home, she began pee dancing and even taking off her coat was too much. I hugged her and we kissed passionately, while she kept pee dancing and grabbing her crotch with an hand.

After a while, she begged me to let her go otherwise she was going to "pee right there". I tried my best to keep her from reaching the toilet, but in the end she ran to it and I followed her. The struggle was so intense, she kept bouncing as unbuckling her belt and undressing to sit on the toilet. As soon as she seated, a strong jet of piss hit the water and her face showed relief. We kissed some more while she was still peeing. That was so hot!

When I have some time, I'll write also the other experience and some more stories.

*015*2025-12-10 16:17

Now that I have time, I'll write some more!

Last Saturday, my wife got her last tattoo. Me and my wife are very into tattoos (I have both my arms covered, she got half of an arm and various other tattoos) and we are loyal customers of a tattoo parlor in the city we live in. There a couple of our favorite tattoo artists works and, now that they have become almost friends, we hang out a little and chat with them.

Tha tattoo session my wife booked last Saturday lasted for around 3 hours and I could hang out there for just an hour in my lunch break. The tattoo artist my wife chose is a beautiful goth-ish girl in her 30s, very talented, that also tattooed me three times. She's a tall, lean girl with black hair and always a grumpy face, but with a heart of gold.

When I arrived, she was already tattooing my wife and I noticed her discomfort, which I attribuited to the pain. As the time passed, while talking about tattoos, concerts, other tattoo artists coming by to take a look and so on, my wife started shifting her legs a little (she was lying on her back) and rocking her feet. She even tried to cross her legs a couple of times. That day my wife was wearing her black Dr Martens boots, a pair of cargo pants and a tank top (with a black sweater after the tattoo); underneath she wore black bra and thong.

I had to run to work after lunch break and by text I asked her if she was needing the toilet. She replied she was bursting, but the session was almost over so she insisted on holding it. Also I know how much she dislike the use of a communal bathroom, even one in our beloved tattoo parlor. In the end, she kept holding it through the whole session till she returned home.

She texted me that the moment the tattoo artist applied the plastic wrap she was shaking from desperation and that the whole drive home she kept an hand on her crotch to help her hold it. She managed to reach the bathroom just in time, she explained to me that night, otherwise she was going to have an accident.

Bonus: last summer the tattoo artist that worked on my wife also tattooed me, during a long session of around 7 hours (my whole upper arm). During that day I tried to drink as much as I could (unfortunately I bleed a lot during tattooing), so I got pretty desperate a bunch of times. To not interrupt her work, I kept holding till the very last moment, just to rush to the bathroom to pee (I did it three times). Before the second toilet break, I (that was bursting) observed the tattoo artist and noticed that she was bursting too. That day she was wearing a black tank top, a long brown skirt and a pair of black Vans shoes.

She's always very professional, but in that moment I saw her shaking her legs and bouncing a little, with a very tense expression on her face. I suggested a pause to use the bathroom and to relax a little, and she quickly agreed. As I got up to let her apply the plastic wrap around my arm, I saw her pee dancing a little and briefly crossing her legs, so I asked her if she needed the toilet as much as I did. She replied that she was "very full of piss" and couldn't wait to release it.

Since there was just one bathroom in the tattoo parlor, I got there first and finished my business. As soon as I got out, she jumped in to pee. I have never seen her so desperate and that memory is stuck with me.

Extra bonus: in the same tattoo parlor, during another tattoo session, I overheard a conversation between two girls. One was a very young tatto artist, around 20 years old, who was bursting to pee and announcing it to the whole tattoo parlor. She kept saying about the fact that she was full of pee and couldn't hold it any longer, but she was determined to finish her work. The other girl was the customer who was being tattooed, also bursting to pee and also detemined to hold it a little longer.

The atmosphere was very intense, since both girls were very desperate but in a fun way. They kept joking about it, laughing, screaming. I couldn't see anything because I was in another room. In the end, after finishing the tattoo, they rushed to the bathroom and releaved themselves.

*016*2025-12-18 07:58

{{On 12/1/2025 at 9:47 PM, moistcritical said:

Wow, that is a very arousing story and the one with kayak trip too. I want to ask: Why your wife doesn't want to use public toilets?

}}

Thank you! My wife doesn't like to use public bathrooms because she finds them dirty and unhealthy. Also she's very stubborn and doesn't mind holding, I guess.

*020*2026-06-18 06:22

{{On 6/7/2026 at 4:19 PM, DMB218 said:

Love the stories! I've constantly tried to convince my wife to get a little more into this, but there aren't many direct stories to share. The kayak one reminds me of our most memorable. She does tend to hold it when we're out, but she'll definitely go in a public bathroom if necessary. It just takes her a fair bit to get there. She often comes home from errands bursting and pee dancing all the way to the bathroom.

When we were first married, we went on lots of small adventures together. That largely stopped when we had kids but is slowly picking up again. The most memorable of those early days, we went on kayaking trips frequently in little creeks near our house along the Oregon coast, and just paddled until we were done. This one day, I don't recall her drinking more than usual, but she must have. Either that or we took longer to get to the creek than we usually did. Either way, we started paddling, and went on for a good hour before turning back. About the time we turned back, with an hour left, my wife paddles up to me and says, "I need to pee pretty bad right now."

Ears perked up, instantly hard, and I just calmly said, "Oh yeah?"

She smiled at me and said, "Don't worry, I can hold it. But we need to get back. I'd rather not flood my kayak."

Message received. So we started paddling back at a steady but not aggressive pace. I let her lead as I watched her continue to shuffle in her seat from behind. It got progressively worse over the hour it took to get back to the launch. We pulled back in, and the launch is an old fish and wildlife concrete semi-pier with not much around it, and certainly no bathroom. I jumped out immediately, yanked my kayak out, and returned to help her out since her balance isn't always all that good.

She steps on the concrete, I yanked her kayak out, and she immediately jumps into a serious pee dance and says, "I can't hold it, I'm going to pee my pants!"

I just pointed around and said, "No one to see you but me. Go for it!"

She steps off to the side, shuffling and squirming, groaning a little, and quickly drops her pants and gets in a squat. Her pee starts flooding out of her, and there's suddenly a noise from a bush twenty feet away. She squeals, but can't stop. Then, a second later, a baby otter steps out from the bush, tilts its head sideways as it stares at my wife pissing a river, and just stayed fixed in place, seemingly in a trance from the giant human with lots of water spraying from her. My wife finally finishes, and starts laughing hysterically. I asked her what was so funny and, in her oh-so-innocent voice says, "That little otter saw my whole ass. What a show."

That will always live rent-free in my brain.

As for other experiences, she has held during sex numerous times, and seems to be doing it more often now as she's found a balance point of not being too desperate but just desperate enough. Now the trick is getting there with kids in the house and not making it weird.

}}

Thank you for sharing your experience!

Recently I've been really inactive in this site because of some health issues. I'm coming back, also with new experiences from my wife...

