Someone couldn't wait for the ladies room to re-open

Author: infinite_line

*000*2025-12-06 08:11

I was using the men's room at a brewery the other day; both urinals were taken so I was in a stall. As I'm peeing, suddenly I hear "Sorry guys, the ladies' room is closed for cleaning and I can't possibly wait any longer!" A women burst into the men's room and went into the stall next to me. There was a brief rustle of clothing and then almost immediately as soon as her butt hit the seat, a torrential stream erupted out of her and she let out a deep exhale of relief. 

She continued peeing forcefully for a good minute, with such a rapid stream that you'd almost think it would melt the porcelain, before letting out a final quiet little 'whew' to herself. We left our respective stalls at about the same time and I found out that she was a gorgeous tall blonde in a teal sundress. She apologized to me at the sinks, explaining that she and her friends had had a long Uber ride from another brewery and that if she had had to wait for the ladies' room to reopen, "there would have been a mess to clean up. If the stalls had been taken, I think I would have had to figure out how to use one of those," she said, gesturing to the urinals. "Sorry for intruding!"

"Not a problem!" I said. "You do what you have to do. Have a good rest of your day, and hopefully the cleaning is done before your next beer catches up with you." She laughed, and we left the bathroom and returned to our respective groups, passing a line of 6 slightly squirmy women who were still waiting for the ladies room to reopen.

*001*2025-12-16 07:57

Another story where a woman was desperate enough to put her inhibition aside and use the men's room happened a few years ago at work - it involves less of a crazy stream but a lot more visible desperation! After work on a Friday, a few people from my department were hanging out playing cards and drink beer like we often did. Normally it was all dudes, but this week, Helen joined us as she liked hanging out and having some beer. She was a short brunette in her late 20s with her hair in a cute bun, and today she was wearing a very professional get up with a nice shirt and a pencil skirt.

Unluckily for Helen, the ladies room at work needed some repairs so they had closed it around 5 PM this Friday so that it could be worked on over the weekend without putting it out of commission during the normal work week.

We were all having fun and had been going at it drinking beers and playing poker for about an hour and a half when one of the guys said "Let's take a quick break, I gotta take a piss." Lots of guys agreed and headed off to the men's room. Helen knew about the bathroom situation, and as everyone was getting up she quietly asked me "You've worked here longer than me - there isn't another ladies' room around, is there? I gotta go too!" She was clearly a little embarrassed to be bringing it up but the two empty PBRs and the tall Starbucks cup next to her must have been taking their toll.
I told her I was sure no one would mind if she used the men's room, but she was reluctant to risk accidentally seeing a coworker's private parts by mistake at a urinal. I offered to poke my head in and see when everyone was out of there, and she eagerly accepted. We waited outside for a couple minutes as people came out, and made small talk, but I could tell she had one thing on her mind as she was bobbing lightly from leg to leg and occasionally doing a little subtle curtsy as she clenched her legs.

When it seemed like the last person was out, I peeked my head in and let her know the coast was clear. I realized that after this whole time being a little distracted by Helen, I had a pretty full bladder myself, so I asked Helen if she would mind if I used the men's room as well, as long as I used a stall so nothing was exposed. She had no problem with that so we quickly made our way into the bathroom's two stalls. Helen must have a slightly tight or difficult skirt to undo because there was a prolonged rustling of clothing and a quiet sigh of exasperation before she finally dropped on to the seat and began a strong, hissy stream that went for almost a full minute. I also had a lot of beer to unload so we ended up back at the sinks around the same time. "Thanks for sharing your bathroom," she said. "I feel a LOT better now." "Me too," I said, and we went back to playing poker.

Now that Helen had been in the men's room once and seen that it was a pretty large, spacious room with reasonable privacy and now that her bladder had a few more beers in it, she didn't mind just using a stall in the men's room while the rest of us were in there. In order to not interrupt the game, she would wait for a bathroom break until a guy called for one, so she was usually pretty desperate by the time we took a break and the streams just got longer and louder as the night went on!

*003*2026-02-25 07:45

I have two stories about a related situation that came up at a geek convention in a big city in Canada. It was a large convention center where to better support non-binary and transgender attendees, all the bathrooms were all-gender. They had been built as traditional bathrooms, so there was a "women's" room with about 50 stalls and a "men's room" with about 40 urinals and 10 stalls. The majority of cisgender people opted to use "their" restroom, but I took advantage of the opportunity to mix things up and use the "women's" room (of course, without bothering anyone and only going when I genuinely needed to use the restroom)

But this isn't about that general experience, as the convention bathroom was big enough that there was never a line. Until...

At one point on the last day, I went to use the "women's" room and found it closed for cleaning, so I went over to the "men's" room. The result was a desperation lover's delight - a line of about 20 women on each side waiting for 5 stalls each (to make matters worse, it was an excruciatingly slow-moving line - since this was the only bathroom open on the main floor, the women also had to share the stalls with men pooping, people changing, etc.).

It must have been a perfect storm of desperation for the women - there hadn't been a wait the rest of the convention, so some of them must have put increasingly full bladders off thinking they could pop in real quick to pee, been so busy with panels and events that they didn't realize they needed a bathroom until it was absolutely urgent, or waited until they were about to pop to avoid having to take off their elaborate costumes. On top of this, the line stretched right past the enormous bank of 40 urinals, with dozens of men strolling in and casually relieving themselves directly in view (and worse, earshot) of the squirming women who must have been sorely tempted to throw dignity to the wind and pop a squat over one of the countless urinals.

I myself would have felt uncomfortable peeing that close to all those women (the urinals didn't have dividers so there was zero privacy) so I joined one of the stall queues. Some highlights while I was waiting in line for a stall included:

- A women with short pink hair in jeans who was bobbing from one leg to the other in line clearly dying for a piss.

- A short blonde woman who finally got into a stall after bouncing subtly in line but found it lacking toilet paper and came out to ask for some. But she had been in such a hurry to find relief that her pants were already unzipped showing off her white panties to the whole line.

- A woman in Princess Leia (I think) cosplay who was telling the woman in front of her "Dude, if those urinals weren't just out in the open like that I would be sooo tempted to just pop a squat over one. This line is really fucking bad and I haven't had a chance to go in like three hours."

- A tall black-haired woman in a black dress who went into a stall right before me, took a very long pee and let out an audible sigh of relief.

~~~

That was one highlight, but another happened after a panel earlier that day. A lot of the smaller panels, including this one, took place in kind of a side annex that was about a 5 minute walk through some long hallways from the main floor. Me and my then-girlfriend Kim (a petite pale-skinned mid-twenties black-haired woman with glasses wearing a local hardcore band t-shirt and a white mini-skirt) were going to a panel about a sci-fi book series that had blown up in popularity just a few weeks before the convention, so they hadn't had a chance to move it to a larger location and the panel room was absolutely packed with people being turned away. I don't know what caused the boom in popularity, but it must have been an influencer or site popular with women, because they made up a good 80% of the 100ish person audience.

After an interesting hour-long panel, it let out and a coffee-fueled horde descended on the nearby restrooms. Unfortunately for them, since this hallway was intended to host much smaller events, these were also much smaller restrooms - 4 stalls in one bathroom, and 2 stalls and 2 urinals in the other. We were near the front of the room so we got out later than a lot of people, and by the time we got out to the hallway there was a line of about 30 women stretching out of the stall room and 15 women stretching out of the stalls + urinals room (I say women because both lines were 90%+ women similar to the panel audience, with a man or two keeping their partner company or waiting for a stall). Kim had been about to pop out to the bathroom after we found our seats, but hadn't had a chance before the panel started, so I knew she definitely needed a pit stop.

"Do you want to wait in line here or walk back to the bigger bathrooms in the main hall?" I asked. "I don't think my bladder can handle a walk, we better just go here," she replied and got in the shorter line. I joined her in line to keep her company, with of course the added bonus of witnessing a lot of desperation along the way. The shorter line may have been a tactical error on Kim's part, since there were a lot fewer women but also half the stalls and it crept along at a snail's pace. A few women left the line to go back to the main hall, but it was still probably 10-15 minutes until we got inside the bathroom, where there were still 5+ people in front of us but both urinals were open.

We had struck up conversation with a couple waiting in front of us, and as we got inside the bathroom, he turned to her and said "Sorry honey, but looks like the urinals are available so I'm gonna go pee." "I hate you so much right now," she replied mostly joking, but the little knee-clenching dance she did in her red dress as he walked over and unloaded his bladder loudly suggested that at a minimum she was quite jealous! Kim turned to me. "If you need to go you don't have to wait for me," she said, but these urinals weren't much more private than the other ones and I also didn't want to miss it when Kim finally got to go! The line continued to inch forward and both Kim and the other woman were clearly in dire straits based on how tightly their knees were squeezed together and how often Kim was doing her little ritual where she would bend forward a little bit and squeeze the back of one knee into the front of the other.

Making matters worse, every minute or so a man would come through and pee into the urinals we were waiting directly by at this point, which was not an easy sound to hear for Kim on top of the other peeing/flushing/sink sounds. Finally as we reached the front of the line, both stalls opened up at about the same time and Kim and the woman in the red dress dashed into their stalls, wasted no time in slamming the doors and plopping down, and unleashed minute+ long hissy streams. Finally, she came out and I went into the stall. When we regrouped outside, Kim turned to me "Oh my god, I'm not sure I've ever had to pee that bad in my life. I was at like a 7 when I got in line but a 10 by the time I finally got to go. That felt SO GOOD." More quietly she whispered to me "...and I bet you enjoyed witnessing that." I certainly can't argue otherwise!

*004*2026-03-17 06:51

A shorter one from my memory bank today!

There's a big park by the beach where I live that is popular for people going to the beach, people barbecuing and having informal parties in the park, etc. There are a few scattered public restroom buildings in the park and they're generally sufficient, but on particularly nice weekend days in the summer they have trouble keeping up with the demand, especially the ladies rooms (the two bathrooms have an equal number of fixtures based on my girlfriend's report after waiting in a shorter line there another time, but not enough to keep a line of women from building up).

I was walking around the park on a warm summer Saturday when I decided to make a pit stop at the bathroom. As I got closer I could see that the women's room had a massive line sprawling out of it, maybe 20-30 people just outside the room stretching across a field. This included one of the most desperate women I've ever noticed - usually you don't see adults doing a full on potty dance, but there was a 20-something girl in a yellow bikini in line dancing like a maniac, bobbing up and down and crossing one leg behind her. Since she was still in a bikini, I'm not sure why she didn't just pee in the ocean, which was only a couple minutes walk away, but she looked absolutely desperate. She was about 5th from the door when I walked by, so probably 10 or more women from relief. I didn't see her when I got out of the bathroom but I can only imagine she barely made it out dry if at all. At least her bikini was already yellow 🙂

As I got closer, I noticed another woman in her early 20s with pale skin and dark hair wearing tight jeans. She hurried up to the bathroom building from the park and made a desperate circuit around the building. She had started by heading towards the women's room but quickly gave up on that seeing the line, then circled around to the other side where the men's room was. Seeing a (shorter) line there, she went around the back of the building, maybe looking for another restroom or a concealed place to squat, but failing to find that she circled back around and got in line for the men's room right before I got there.

There were only about 5 or 6 people in line for the men's room and 2 urinals + 3 stalls, so it went pretty quickly. Unfortunately for her, the urinals both opened up first, so she let me and another man go by, saying "You guys go ahead, urinals are open. I just REALLY need to get into a stall." As I was peeing, a stall opened up and she darted inside. Sadly it was a pretty noisy bathroom so I couldn't hear her relief but based on how she acted I'm sure it was nice. She came out of the stall while I was washing my hands. "Didn't want to wait in that crazy line over there?" I asked her. "Dude, I was THIS CLOSE to peeing my pants!" she replied with a laugh. "Glad you guys had a shorter line in here!" On my way out, I passed 2 more women who had wisely joined the line for the men's room.

