Pee bingo

Author: intimate flood

*000*2026-01-07 02:56

Tonight my girl and I decided to play pee bingo. Unfortunately we decided to play after coming back from a big meal at a nice restaurant. Which made it better and worse. Our bellies were so full it was hard to sit and follow the required positions. I normally have the bigger bladder but I was cocky and decided to drink extra two bottles before playing and also because im the one with the pee kink. I was ok with the idea of playing wet. I brought it up to her to play until wet get bingo. 

After half an hour and four bottles each since starting the game on top of my two i was laying on my stomach when the pressure became to much, i kept thinking how good it would be to just let go, or better yet if i roll over and have her sit/bounce on my sore over filled bladder. I said out loud how bad i have to pee she. Simply said ok if the game is too much and you can't make it go ahead and pee. So I did for over a minute peeing full force into my pants while I was laying down. It went through my underwear pants, two towels and a blanket. It still made a huge puddle so big, it even soaked all the way over to her side. The relief was amazing. I laid there with my eyes closed enjoying the wet feeling as it spread, it felt so warm and reliving just to have the swelling in my bladder go down. 

After I was down I looked at her and asked why she wasn't squirming yet. She responded with a simple i don't know. After laying down on our stomach we had to lay on our backs for a few minutes then sit in a position with our legs folded underneath us and resting on our elbows. This was the position that proved to be too much for her. She really started shaking then moaned really loud and said I can't do it, I have to pee!I told her quickly get on her side she peed a lot but unfortunately the pants were a little loose I rubbed her pussy as she kept peeing. 

After that We attempted to keep playing the game we drink another two bottles of water and had to sit In awkward uncomfortable positions We landed on a spot that said we had to lay on our backs with our knees spread apart and she said she was going to pee again at this point i was defiantly enjoying the moment I watched the pee gush through her pants and a form a nice puddle. Took her pants off and started eating her pussy she pushed out the last few drops after a while We were both turned on and we had a passionate session on a blanket on the floor After that we did laundry and got a shower to clean up And enjoyed reminiscing about it laying in bed that night It's the next day as I type this.

