Wifes interview wetting

Author: intimate flood

*000*2026-01-09 13:41

So my wife had a job interview over an hour away. The job is not that far but that's where their main headquarters was. We decided to drive up there for her to do a drug test where she has to pee in a bottle. We left plenty early for some goof off time and by the time we got there she was rocking in her seat in the car. Said she was going to blame me if she didn't make it because I would make her take frequent drinks of water along the way.

When she got there she had to walk across legged and hold her crotch across the parking lot I told her she should just go in the parking lot as desperate as she is she will have to pee again in 5 minutes she said she can make it. So I escorted her to the door and went back to the car. She was livid when she came out, apparently this location was strictly for paperwork the actual pee test is done at a urgent care across town. So she walked in and the receptionist is not very bright. For one she made it sound like the pee test is going to be done at this location and two when my wife discovered that that was not the case and knowing she couldn't make it across town she says well I guess I just have to use your bathroom do you have a restroom here. 

Girls polite and she says yeah go down this Hall and take a right and keep going until a t and then go left and you can't miss it. My wife said the were first hallway had 10 doors she had to hold her crotch and waddle down The Long hallway. When she got there she turned and after another 5 or so doors she wasn't sure which one was the bathroom she didn't see any signs on the doors or the walls. 

This is where the story gets interesting she says that she could feel the pee starting to run down her legs she was leaking so heavily her panties were already soaked thoroughly luckily she was wearing a skirt so it was just slowly trickling down her legs going unnoticed but she says when it got past her knees and she was starting to leave a trail she just picked a random door it was office full of chairs she hiked up her skirt squatted and pissed straight through her panties she said it was so relieving she went for at least 40 seconds with full torrent gushing onto the carpet. 

Let me say this is the first time she's actually ever had an accident in public or peed anywhere that inappropriate this was a huge breakthrough for what she normally does. Afterwards she stood up dabbed yourself off the best that she could. Close the door and proceeded back to the receptionist hope you enjoyed the story.

*003*2026-01-10 15:35

She made it to the interview and couldn't find the bathroom. She had the accident at the interview.

After she got done with the interview she came back to the car and handed me her wet panties. She simply said these need cleaned but on the long drive home she explained the full story which yeah me turned on so after we got back to the house we went straight to the bedroom

